well howdy there internet village bow
again after that video where I describe
the world I wanted a whole bunch of
people for like a that's great how do we
get there how do we achieve that level
of freedom oh that level of freedom is
coming it's coming it's coming from the
feeling that society isn't right
right now it's crawling through a tunnel
under Trump's wall it's at a wedding
chapel where a Klansman grandkid is
marrying their black partner it's coming
from the people who are standing in the
streets facing off against em raps and
tear gas over yet another unjust killing
it's coming from the decriminalization
of marijuana and the pardoning of those
people who are convicted beforehand it's
coming from the straight guy who shows
up at the Pride rally to act as a buffer
against the bigots it's coming from the
trans person who's hanging out with the
rednecks to learn how to shoot so they
don't have to rely on a police force
that doesn't care about them it's coming
from those people who look at a flag
covered coffin and see the waste it's
coming from the cultural exchange that
takes place over the internet because
that exchange kills nationalism and
prejudice and xenophobia it's coming
from the gardens that are popping up in
section 8 housing and from the farmer
who's donating a portion of his harvest
to the food bank it's coming from the
bookworm in the job and his best friend
happens to be the blond-haired blue-eyed
cheerleader it's coming from the Boy
Scout who took a knee it's coming from
the black girl who's tutoring the kid
with the rebel flag sticker on this
truck it's coming it's coming from the
labor organizer who believes everybody
who's working deserves a decent life
it's coming from the Jews who are
standing up for the Palestinians it's
coming from the natives who are
imparting their wisdom to the
descendants of the people who almost
annihilated them it's coming from the
grandparents who are filling in for
parents because of the strain in modern
society places on them it's coming from
those pioneering for universal education
and universe
health care it's coming from the
scientists who are working on renewable
energy it's coming from the high-school
dropout who just can't take it anymore
and masks up in the face of corporate
greed it's coming from anybody who
stands up for what's right even though
it doesn't directly impact them it's
coming from those people attempting to
build parallel power structures it's it
it's coming from those people who refuse
to bow to any order but our own any
institutions about our own it's coming
from those people within the existing
power structures who are attempting to
dismantle them it's coming from the
fifth column the question is where are
you because that fight it's happening
whether or not you're there and I know
there were a lot of people asking about
well what about other countries that's
great for here but what about other
countries first we take DC then we'll
worry about Beijing it'll spread good
ideas don't really require force anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night